AP-143: Remove all mention of the refresh token from the tech docs and the diagrams (#185)
govuk-one-login/authentication-tech-docs: README.md

In order to configure some aspects of layout, like the header, edit `config/tech-docs.yml`.

> ## Making changes to diagrams
> 
> To make changes to the diagrams, edit the `drawio` files in `source/images/originals` using the drawio app.
> 
> 
> ### Workflow
> 
> You need to:
> 
> - create and modify diagrams using [draw.io](https://about.draw.io/)
> - store draw.io master files in `source/images/originals`
> - publish diagrams as [Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG)](https://www.w3.org/Graphics/SVG/)
> - store svg image files in the `source/images` folder
> 
> ### Prerequisites
> 
> Install the draw.io desktop application for interactive editing
> 
> ```
> brew cask install drawio
> ```
> 
> Alias the binary so that your can just type `draw.io` at the command line
> 
> ```
> alias=draw.io='/Applications/draw.io.app/Contents/MacOS/draw.io'
> ```
> 
> ### Useful commands
> 
> Update a diagram
> 
> ```
> draw.io source/images/originals/top-level-technical-diagram.drawio
> ```
> 
> Generate an SVG versions of the diagrams
> 
> ```
> draw.io -x -o source/images/top-level-technical-diagram.svg source/images/originals/top-level-technical-diagram.drawio
> 
> draw.io -x -o source/images/technical-flow-diagram.svg source/images/originals/technical-flow-diagram.drawio
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
## Making changes to a diagram

To make changes to a diagram, you'll need to edit the `drawio` files in `source/images/originals` using the draw.io desktop app.

### Install draw.io desktop app

1. Install the draw.io desktop app using Homebrew with the following command: 

```
brew cask install drawio
```

2. Alias the binary so that you can just type `draw.io` at the command line. Use the following command to do this:

```
alias=draw.io='/Applications/draw.io.app/Contents/MacOS/draw.io'
```

### Edit and publish the diagram

Follow these steps:
1. Create and modify the diagram using [draw.io](https://about.draw.io/).
1. Store the draw.io original file in `source/images/originals`.
1. Publish the diagram as a [scalable vector graphic (SVG)](https://www.w3.org/Graphics/SVG/).
1. Store the SVG in the `source/images` folder.

### Useful commands

Update a diagram:

```
draw.io source/images/originals/top-level-technical-diagram.drawio
```

Generate SVG versions of the diagrams:

```
draw.io -x -o source/images/top-level-technical-diagram.svg source/images/originals/top-level-technical-diagram.drawio

draw.io -x -o source/images/technical-flow-diagram.svg source/images/originals/technical-flow-diagram.drawio
```
````

Reviewer: Have suggested we could leave the README update out of this PR to get the refresh token changes in ASAP.

Author: Hi @sabrinaharris I have pulled the README update and will make another PR to tackle this after the content has shipped. Its only me making the diagram changes at the moment so not a problem. Longer term it needs to be documented

Reviewer: Thanks very much @pauldougan!

Reviewer: Created [issue for README changes ](https://govukverify.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/AP/boards/452?selectedIssue=AP-166) 👍
